okay I'm actually going to up my bit
rate
wait okay so we're now on
YouTube I'm gonna I think I'm GNA
I think we can change this
live
okay
and I should
be I want to see a preview here though I
think this is the the wrong stream hold
on
okay
fantastic um okay so now that we're done
with this okay what's the delay like the
delay is actually kind of
high look at this cuz this happened
like H can I change that
live probably
not probably not
dude what is this even for this thing
needs to be way
smaller I put it up
there oh nice that's
perfect
okay all right so let's get to let's get
to
work okay so that's the front this is
the back so this is where we're going to
be doing it so on the top
plate just say it's
here creating a
sketch and
um the first thing we need to do is
figure out the footprint of this thing
thing so we kind of want to
know I wonder if that's
possible which sketch is is it so let's
cancel
this okay if we look at this sketch we
want to find we want to draw a line from
here to here and then we want to make
this
Nerf diameter and then we want to make
this um the problem is now this has this
Freedom here so this point and this
point we want to be so wait what's undo
this we select this point and this point
we make them horizontal okay so
basically what we're saying is that the
ball
and then okay and then let's draw
another line here and this is also Q for
construction and we want to make sure
that it's on this it's
on this then we want to is this
constrained it should be
constrained
oops it doesn't look right though it
just this looks kind of grainy oh no
that's just the
dotted okay so this is
um 48 or 46 I can't tell
46 so if we were
to and then if we look at it's directly
from the top here yeah this is equal
I kind of have a feeling that we
um how far apart were they in the
original design
they were I think they were actually
more than this cuz these are what 50
apart it's probably 50
apart oh
wait yeah that's
50 so if we open up
can I just change it in here um so that
left
click I never use this
thing I never use that wait why does
this look
oh wait didn't I just drill holes I'm
pretty sure I just drilled new
holes but in any case what is the
distance and it's so annoying because if
you click two
circles it gives you Min distance
instead of Center distance that's one of
my favorite new features in on shape is
like but anyways let's open this up and
just look at the
sketch so we do open
and then we we actually want
to yeah it's this oh and we're going to
have to model the solenoid I could
probably import it as a step file
actually I'll probably just do that cuz
like well maybe we can look and see if
there's sheet metal or whatever
but so I guess feeder and
solenoid okay so what we want to do is
we probably want to look at oh yeah this
this one this part was weird because we
started off with
the I'm pretty sure the This Is
50 yeah that's 50
so we might just have to drill more
holes
holes I might just
add maybe I'll just add more
holes because if that's 50 apart then we
need well sort of
like 24 more we kind of need like a 75
because if we're going to if we're going
to be consistent about this requirement
that mounting holes need some ratio and
that ratio is one of distance from The
Edge
so since most
likely nobody's really following along
we have this
variable
called mounting hole Edge distance ratio
and what that's saying is if you have a
mounting hole that's 6 mm in diameter
then you want to place it this this
ratio away from the
edge so yeah that's where we're
getting that's where we're getting fre
each side we need six on one side and
six on the other side to the to the
stand and that gives
us well really no it's going to be three
times it's going to be 18 it's going to
be 36 it's going to be 50 +
36 so let's just um I just want to make
a new
part and this is just going to be oh
wait we have this let's delete this
um we
can we can just do this later I don't
really care about this so fine I'm just
going to do a new part studio so that I
don't have to worry about
this
um okay so what we want is a rectangle
like
this and then um this formula is going
to be two *
wall
plus 2 * 3 * Mount uh time
M6
ho
plus um
solenoid
width
plus one or something I don't know I
think it was two actually let's see
this
face to here is 40 but I think if we
import the
solenoid I think the distance was 39 so
yeah we only need one okay so plus one
so we're we're going to call that
solenoid
clearance okay so then what we do in on
shape which is so great is that we can
put a dimension on here but what we say
is
um
theer
width and this is going to be 2 * wall
plus 2
*
* M6
ho
plus solenoid oh you can't Define a new
one in here so wait let's just do 39 + 1
one and then these have to be
freaking okay but what we need
87 yeah and then we need to place the
holes and then the thing is 87 the
problem is if
um I think what we're going to have to
do is we're going to have to notch it
we're going to have to make this height
less and then it sort of sticks
out I forget exactly what B it printed
on but we might be able to get away with
it but we need it to stick out
because we the the issue
is we need to put it here but it can't
hit the flywheels so the fly wheels we
have like 46 so we need like a small
inner
Channel and then we're going to need
holes way out here but we're also going
to need to know
right okay so what we also need to
calculate is
remember
that uh
hole that mounting hole top top plate
mounting
holes need to be less than 100 mm to the
center because otherwise they collide
with the
pillars or more more specifically the
hex nuts that go on the mounting holes
will
collide
um great
so I'm pretty sure I'm going to add some
more holes because if we look at what's
printing right now I already printed
something that's specific to those holes
so I think the better option is just to
add
more oh I actually closed it oops okay
so anyways and I'll probably close it
again um okay well in any
case uh let's just keep going
so what did I call it oh it's just
this
um just call it
solenoid it's called it is the feeder
but so this this is going to be
the theater width and then what we
wanted to do
was let's just get some of these
solenoid things down all this is the
only one we really
need
or we should come up with the uh that
that this name the like colloquial name
is
actually
um we'll call this act tool with and
then
um this is just going to be solenoid
actual width plus solenoid width
clearance and then this is what we use
and so then we can go
into the uh the solenoid holder and we
can fix this formula to be oh wait we
have to just change oh but then we put
it in here see that's the annoying thing
is actually what we don't want is that
so I'm going to copy this I'm going to
delete this then I'm going to go to my
variable
Studio I hate that it always brings you
to the top I feel like that's so silly
so then this is going to be
solenoid oh wait
um feeder width this is going to be
plus solenoid
width okay so now oh yeah so here here's
here's what we can I don't have the
preview but I ended up printing that
that top bracket so
wait okay never mind
um and then this what what did
we what did we actually use to determine
that and the thing is okay well that's
all right when we do the The Joint we
can do the test of whether or not it's
um
this is
107 how did we come up with
that
um wow great name
W okay let me just lock in I'm I'm going
to change my pants I'm getting hot
so this was
102 so the oh yeah okay wait so the
solenoid length is 64 so let's just
Define
that I'm just going to use actual to
mean like this is a dimension that is
reported by the the manufacturer or
something
but basically an uncleaned
value
um and then the height there is
uh oh but the problem is we're going to
actually need to raise this up slightly
more
because oh and you know what
well maybe we can put them
here I was trying to think about how
we're going to deal with the
hopper the hopper is going to be tough
that's going to be a whole new thing
that we have to iterate
on okay well I want what I want to build
actually is is I just want to
build this part I think that I should
build this
first in in on shape just to get
going which um
okay so let's just start taking some
Dimensions so what is determining this
Dimension this was 40 right
43 so why why though
this Extrusion no wait there was this
extr no there was this Extrusion yeah it
was no this Extrusion
no there was one that okay wait if we
just play it
back
Oops why isn't it updating oh there we
go
this we move this eight back and we
moved it eight back
because
um let me get my calipers and the uh
solenoid I'm pretty sure I moved it back
eight I forget what that Dimension
actually
is
okay okay
uh
e
e e
excuse me okay so what that 8 mm is
coming from actually is
um is um if
you if you look at the
assembly it's the distance to make this
ball this plunger
not hold the ball up because basically
if that if that comes out of the Loft
like it comes out a little bit but I
don't think it's
enough where it actually causes an
issue actually yeah okay so
so what does that mean that means that
we need to make all right so
then I'm sort of okay with you make a
square you draw the circle in the square
and then you extrude that because then
you don't have to well maybe we'll do it
as one sketch so what that means is in
this okay so we actually want to make
this so we're going to start with the
square that's 50x
so that is going to be the out uh feater
outer wall to outer wall
so okay and so
this we
take two * wall
plus solenoid width so we're going to
delete
this this is going to be 2 * wall plus
solenoid
width and then we're going to change add
this it's so funny how like sub
Expressions wait what happened
here bro
uh okay
so so this square is going to be uh
beater outer wall width and
then but it's not going to be 50 by 50
right why would it be 50 by 50 I
understand that the distance from here
to here is
40 and then this is
[Music]
um and this is what 32 so that's
solenoid
height and the reason okay okay so that
Dimension makes sense the reason why we
want it to be solenoid height is because
then the plunger will be in the
middle so that checks
out okay and then this Dimension is the
40 so that's going to be 50 and then
this is a little
confusing cuz 50 might not Mak sense but
all right let's just try 50/50 and so
this is going to be
feed outer
wall and then this is also the same
and then it
extrudes
by uh solenoid
height over two or no just solenoid
height Okay cool
so we're
here we're going to undo this sketch we
don't need any of
this or wait just redo everything and
just delete this
okay so this is going to
be oops this is going to be feed outer
wall
width this is going to
be the
same for no
reason it kind of it's kind of janky but
can we just click on this why can't we
click on that that's so weird
infusion you can just do it but
whatever okay so then we're going to
draw a
circle okay wait then we're going to
extrude this by uh solenoid height
solenoid actual
height right now we're going to draw a
sketch on here and we're going to draw a
sketch on there and we're going to do
the the the loft
so here we want to draw a
circle and
um so if we go back to that first sketch
what do we make that very first
width oh I can't tell which was which
this was the 40 and this was 35 I don't
know why we made it
35 is there a reason for that
okay fine but let me just draw
a line
here so this is to
35 and
um so if the circle was in the center of
that then that means that it's at 172
over which means it's going to be okay
we could just Define it in terms of that
so if we take this to here this is going
to
be okay and so what we want to do is
make a
variable
feater hold
Nerf diameter
plus oh wait so we'll just uh we'll just
do beater Nerf
clearance and it's going to be
um it's going to be defined in terms
of well that's kind of janky
but yeah we could just do 25 minus
feeder
hole oh wait sorry 25 mm minus
Nerf and then this
is I actually like the fact that you
have to order these
yourself but I wish that it was a little
bit better okay so feeder whole
diameter who dude who's Bob simple yes
yes friendship with twitch is over TW I
feel like twitch is uh I feel like
nobody shows up to the twitch stream
like twitch's discoverability is really
low but also I think the number of users
that twitch has is just really low so I
feel like this is probably a better
place um
so this diameter is going to be feed
whole
diameter wait Olay is that you are you
Bob
simple get this sun out of my face
okay
um and then this one okay so we finish
this sketch then we draw a sketch on
here normal can
I okay then we're going to draw I don't
know why I don't get midpoints is that
so
weird if I'm in this sketch and this is
a rectangle why can't I just draw
okay okay so now we have this point
right so now I can make a circle that's
there this is going to be oop yeah this
is going to be what the hell feed hold
diameter I wonder if these
recommendations are based off of usage I
really hope so that would be
cool it would actually be cool to know
how many usages of each variable there
are in the
cad okay so then we have to do the line
thing okay so let's just do the loft
this 50 millimeter diameter is super
sus okay let's just do the Loft I mean
we can't we can't keep um okay so this
sketch is done now we want to do alt C
plane and we want to make it a mid
plane it's not this it's uh this and
this now we're going to draw a sketch on
oops
how do you get this
plane it hides all of them there we go
so now shift SN for normal okay and now
what we want to do is we want to take
this
circle and this circle and we click U
for 's we also want to click this point
and this point and do U's so now we have
those now we're going to draw two lines
and they're construction lines cuz
they're not actual and we want to make
this perpendicular or vertical
and it doesn't really matter how far it
goes out and then another one
here okay and now what we want to do is
we want to go to um alt C tangent Arc
and we want to select this point and
this
point and then what is this should be
fully constrained but it actually looks
like there's kind of a hook on
there oh wait you know what can I let's
try to redo it if I do tangent oops
tangent
Arc and I select this line and this
line there's kind of a hook
there but I want this and this oh
wait wait oh wait
this hold
on I'm so confused I want this point
and this point to be
coincident oh there we go now it's fully
constrained
right it still doesn't
look right I mean that's definitely
wrong okay let's try it one more time
tangent Arc
you select this point and you select or
this line and that
line and you say that this point and
this point are oh wait so okay that
gives us tangency but now we want
coincidence but then we
don't is it just not
possible maybe it's not possible
is that true I feel like that's not true
at
all you can definitely have if this is
the center of the is that just
cuz wait what we want is this point and
I
think can we project this point
oh but you know what that's because
um no so what we what we need to
do in this
sketch is we need a to make it
16 that's where all my problems were
coming from so now oh wow and it
resolved it and this looks
tangent Okay cool so now what we can do
is we can do alt C
Loft and then we're going to take and
we're going to make it remove we're
going to take this
profile this profile and then we're
path and it's going to be
there and then if we just do this oops
that didn't work let's see why didn't
that
work is it because we don't have a merge
scope merge with
all
no
profiles these are the right profiles
oh how did I do it
yesterday literally the exact same thing
solid remove profiles face Two Face
three
oops okay let's uh let's just clear this
is there a dock string on this what does
this even
mean it makes no change
I'm so confused what did I do
wrong check profile
order oh why does profile order matter
that's
strange okay okay so now before we
forget let's um we're going to draw a
sketch on
here we're going to take this circle and
we're going to use it now we get this
Center Point Circle now we're going to
make this and what we want to do is
feeder we want to Def find a variable
called
feeder uh feeder
Hole
uh feeder Hulk do we want to find as
compression
I forget what I did I think I actually
tuned this a lot and I'm pretty
sure
H wait let's go all the way to the
front and I'm pretty
sure let's see if I select this Rim okay
wait it's 22 but I'm pretty sure I
updated it
actually oh no no no 22
so it's only being compressed
like
2 oh man I really wish I could um let's
see um
what
okay
how how is the
um how are Springs in terms of the force
required to uh to stretch them by a
certain
um yeah I guess you can have Springs
that do compression too right okay so
for string for Springs that get
compressed how how is it that they
measure the force required cuz I'm
guessing there's a graph that says for a
given distance of compression this is
how much force it is required to
compress it that much uh how do they
measure
that hooks law is so stupid bro it's not
linear well you know what maybe it's not
stupid maybe these physicists are right
should just treat everything like
linearly
[Music]
today I'm going to introduce inter
comp's valve spring tester all Racers
know strong valve springs are crucial to
get the most performance from any engine
the valve spring tester provides an
accurate way to check the strength of
valve clutch or any other small coil
springs on a race car this rugged field
proven product okay wait I want to see
the other
one I mean this is exactly what you
want
2011 hello everybody I thought I would
throw together a quick YouTube video
about valve spring compression testing
now this is in response to another video
I watched on YouTube where a gentleman
had a bathroom scale on a drill press
and he's using that to check spring
compression I thought that was pretty
neat and uh so I commented on his video
and gave him some credit and someone
else replied to my reply uh tearing me
apart saying I don't know what I was
doing I was going oil down tracks all
over the US and uh you know one of them
Doom and Gloom guys anyways so what I've
done is a little bit better setup than
other gentleman had I think he was only
restoring old suit Baker I can't
remember what but all he was doing was
checking to see if his V Springs were
still good that's all I'm really doing
on soccer application now I guess I get
that other guy's point um if you're
doing a race application uh high RPM big
cam stuff of course you want to check
your Val Springs very carefully with
proper equipment um there's a lot going
on in the Val spring a lot of pressure
uh they have a big job they got to
closing time or your all that power is
going up the drain and uh you know
what's the point of that so anyways but
for backyard grad Rebuilders like me you
know doing a re-ring new bearings and
gas suits on an engine a lot of people
just throw the Rings back in uh you know
and how do you really know if they're
good you squeeze them look at them how
do you know if you got Duds or not um
there's a lot of valve spring
compression testers out there $100 $2
$100 to get you one there's some that
work in a bench device I think a
hydraulic I'm not sure and of course the
pro ones are th000 $2,000 and obviously
that's what you need to use in a race
application but for just a guy that
wants to check to see if Springs does or
not I thought this will work good so
what I got is a decent drill press and
this isn't a bathroom scale it's more of
a shipping scale or bulk produce scale
um I've got it upside down so there's a
nice surface contact against the drill
table and then I've got a quinch plate
sitting on the feet of the scale um now
I Happ to be machinist you know I have
some adjustable parallels diator you
know um caliper stuff like that a drill
press but that's not odd stuff for a
backyard mechanic tap so I figure anyone
can do this you know this plate was an
off cut they me five bucks work down at
the scrapyard but I mean you might have
something ready that'll work around the
farm or you know at home or whatever so
all this is going cost me anything and I
think it's a reasonable result um this
is an old valve I'm going use for my
Anvil I guess you could call it it's in
the uh truck of the drill press um it's
up all the way so it can't slide or
anything I even have the bottom of the
table jacked up with some jack STS so I
won't Flex anything like that and uh I
figured it can give us decent test now
one of the complaints was well as you're
pushing force against that scale the
scale is moving so your measur out whack
well it is moving but my reference
point
e
e e
okay I am back and what are we doing I'm
not watching this crap dude this is just
like waste of my time
so we got the Loft
done wait this is the wrong
thing so now that we have this what we
want to do is we want to draw a sketch
on
here I don't know how people are good at
this
okay okay so
what is that Circle oh you know what no
no no no no no no we're not done with
this oh yeah okay wait you make a sketch
on here
normal then you take this you use it
then you make a circle here and this is
going to be 22 so we're going to say
we're going to make a
parameter right okay now I remember what
I'm
doing it's going to be feeder
compression feeder Nerf
compression and this is going to be
0.5 and so that means that feeder ner uh
Nerf com uh feeder exit
diameter is going to be
um
Nerf minus Feer Nerf compression and
then the depth of it I don't remember
how much we actually extruded it by so
what feature is that that's
this and we did a 2 mm okay so then
feeder
exit Notch depth I'm just going to make
that two I like how I like splitting up
you just sit here in a table and you
define it and then once you're in the
sketch environment you just have to
remember the variable names and it I
think I think it it's really nice
actually okay so now here all we need
this is to be exit
diameter and then we're going to take
this profile and we're going to extrude
it
by uh oops by so first off it's going to
be an ad it's going to be this way and
then this depth is going to be two but
it's feeder exit Notch
depth okay now if we look at it from in
here we see there's a small Notch that
prevents them from falling out okay now
we're ready for this we're going to
sketch go to normal uh
unfortunately we don't get a freaking
midpoint I don't I don't know why we
don't get midpoints but let's just uh do
what we always do in in Fusion 2 you
just do
this and I don't like I wonder if
there's a setting where you can just
like how do I just
prevent I don't
know okay now we get this point and we
want to draw a circle here and then what
we want is the I wonder if we have
parameters great bro great that's sick
that's so
sick that's so sick
Bro okay so
uh I don't remember but we honestly
don't really need it we so we're just
going to come in here and we're going to
say uh plunger plunger whole
diameter let's make it
eater and this is
10 so now we can come in
here make
this
solenoid plunger holder diameter and
we're going to take this we're going to
extrude
it and it's a
remove and it's up to
next
perfect okay how do you just rotate 90
degrees how do I just rotate 90 to the
to the uh how do I rotate 90 in on
shape no no no no
no I met my
camera no I don't want the view
Cube
wait wait is that true
that doesn't rotate you at all or that
um I just want to move so that this
is like that okay well whatever so now
we're going to sketch on
here and we are going to
draw oh
and then we're going to extrude this
by the width I'm not actually sure that
50 is right okay but fine so now we're
going to take this profile this prob
extrude this by it's not the width it's
um it's a
solenoid actual
length
right should I import the
solenoid I feel like this is too
long from this to here is
50 okay let's look at the actual part
this line to this
line that's just
43 and that's flush so let's change this
so we need to go up to the first the
very first sketch
and we just want to change that variable
Fe oh wait no we want to make a
um feeder
block and this needs to be uh feeder
block it needs to be feeder block
um length
okay so now I am going to just import
the solenoid because that's going to
speed things up a little
bit did I ever post that solenoid
on grab CAD I don't think I did
okay let's just oops let's just um I'm
going to go open up
solenoid and we're going to
export a step
file okay now we're going to go to
grabcad
and it's going to be logged out like
usual oh it's not that's
awesome
upload where where is
it okay then I want to go to Amazon
[Music]
um wait okay wait let me just here's
what I'm going to do
osar osar
okay uh so yeah so all right so now we
have this so we have the step file so
I'm going to go import the step file
oh is it and it import okay so it
imported wait the but these are also
assembly
files oh yeah so open
up oh and it just made a parts file it's
kind of
goofy cuz now I have all this crap in
here okay wait can I select multiple
tabs at once
oops no so I have to move all of this
crap
over I'm going to undo that can if I
undo does
it it's not clear what undo does
because I don't want to change anything
here but I do want to okay I'm just
going to delete
this going to delete
this this I have not really figured
out so I'm going to go just in case I'm
going to go all the way over here then
I'm going to import it so that it
doesn't import it at the top but I'm
also going to do it the other way so
import
solenoid oh but the thing is we kind of
um well we kind of do want to put the
motion in but I I'm just going to try
this for now because all I want to do is
Project those little
circles we could redo the sketch too
actually that's a good question I don't
think yesterday we did any cases where
you have this weird
projection
thing uh where you you're projecting
from a different
part and since you can't have since okay
I know what I know what's
going okay so that's kind of what I
wanted then it didn't open up a bunch of
stuff but so I'm going to make a new
they should have a file search thing do
they oh tab manager oh that's great and
you probably make tab groups or
something like that you can
filter that's nice
dude that's so much nicer than
Fusion so uh so what whatever but we
don't we don't really care about this is
there a hotkey to get that open alt what
alt T
nice but it doesn't automatically bring
you to the search which is what you want
but whatever um
enter to open that's
nice what what is this thing I don't
really get that okay so we're now make
making a new
assembly and this assembly is going to
be
called
um uh this is going to be called the
uh
solenoid or feeder
assembly okay and so now we want to just
insert we want to
insert the solenoid and we want to
insert the
feeder is that what the feeder looks
like
oh it's called solenoid
holder okay so now what we want to do is
we want to join or at mate dude I'm so
stuck on
that oh wait but what we wanted to do
actually was this this and this are
um oh wait but we we have to do it first
okay
so then we made
it and then we need
to
perfect beautiful that was really easy
okay but now what we want to do is we
want to so we don't we don't need this
what we want to do is we want to take uh
so we're going to hide this part I'm
going to take this and use it see we
can't that's the that's the thing
maybe maybe that's better but maybe that
stinks
because okay so we're going to call this
the bottom of the of the solenoid and
we're going to just redo it I
guess uh let me just
ask I want
to I'm in on shape and I'm in an
assembly file and in Fusion since
there's no distinction between a part
studio and an assembly uh I can take the
mated or joined um components and then I
can project some geometry from one of
the components to the other component
and then use that to to do something but
it doesn't seem like you can do that in
on shape uh
really how do you how do you do it how
do you use geometry from another
part for
okay derived in context editing in your
assembly right click on the part and
select edit in
context okay let's try it
so I want to take this part and I'm
going to
do edit in
context and so then I want to okay oh oh
that okay okay okay this is exactly what
I wanted
so I want to hide the whole part I want
to select this I want to use it use it
come on can I do that
you can't you
can't did I select the wrong
thing you can't use it
okay but what you can do I guess is you
just do you even get these
circles oh wait do you have to be in oh
you you have to be in okay so what we're
going to do is we're going to take this
we're going to
sketch assembly
context okay now we're going to hide
this part we're going to select this oh
wait wa okay wait let's undo I'm going
to delete this sketch because I didn't
know what was selected I'm going to take
this sketch on it wait where did my
thing go oh I closed the assembly
context okay wait we need to go back so
feeder
assembly we select this part we go
to first off this is the part that we
want to
fix anyways
we want to
um edit in
context then we want to sketch on here
then we want to hide this part we going
to click wait I just said hide the
part we select this and use it oh baby
wait but we don't get okay we actually
have to select the
specific all right perfect perfect
perfect perfect so now we can just
um I wonder if you can invert a
selection whatever we're going to take
this this this this this and then can we
Offset you can't offset that because um
so we just need to do this and these
are wait oh those are 2.5 what did we
make them be
four we made them
2.5 oh wait no that's on the actual
thing yeah there's no way we did
that we probably made him three maybe
3.2 made him
4.4 oh you know what I'm just going to
use that okay so we're going to just
make them M4 so
oh wait wait wait I got to get fast man
I'm doing stupid
stuff is it in this or is it in
this oh wait so you know what we could
do I wonder if we could do this all
right so let's start let's do this one
more time just to lock it
down we could leave that but so we're
going to go back to the feeder assembly
going to right click this edit in
context we're going to sketch on
here we are going to hide the part we're
going to press P for no we're going to
hide the
part we are going to select this wait no
we're not going to select that we need
that what we're going to try to do
is
okay but if you delete this yeah so no
so okay so you you can't just select the
center points but that's
fine um okay so now we want
to enable this part we want to
draw
okay e
and then can we hide this how do we oh
wait oh that's so
sick then we're going to take then we're
going to do a
mirror wait first we need
um
plane mid plane select this select that
I thought we have a mid plane I'm pretty
sure we have a mid plane yeah we
do mirror feature mirror select this
then we select the mirror plane to
be BR I wish you could select it from in
here you can
nice
gorgeous we have done
it we have done it so now
now oh now we need to calculate the
height and then we can finally do the
legs
my prince is probably
done I I don't care I don't care let's
just stay focused bro so
um so what is it that we need to do we
need to look at top plate oh this is
uh yeah what we want to look is top of
assembly
hello
what did we just never do anything with
this no there's Parts in
here is
everything I'm so confused
that's so okay that's just
bugged that was weird
man okay so
now we are going to do something and
that's something is figure out
okay
so can you make that a measured quantity
I thought there was a button there to
make this a measured
quantity wow look at all this this is
awesome
okay wait so let's just make a variable
for
that
so yeah that would be so cool is if it
could figure it out so cuz that's going
to be oh but there's a bunch of random
stuff in there
right well we can do our best so it's
going to
be
wall okay so this is going to be top
plate
to to bottom
flywheel and that's going to be equal to
wall plus uh bracket extr height bracket
height plus that
um d35 36 bracket oh bracket
right which is three that's three this
is five bracket height I I don't
remember what we set that to but it'll
be a good exercise to go in the timeline
and figure out what variable it's set to
because it should be very easy and then
plus um
BLC
uh yeah we should add a a a measured
quantity that if we if we look at this
part and we just take this face
to this
face the okay so let's just make a
variable for
that
FC
height 32 and this
is the
height
um the length between the flat parts so
excluding shaft and not and shaft
Notch okay so then we we'll just add a
couple more I
mean it's probably not all that
necessary but we could look at we could
look at
this okay so the notch diameter is
and the notch height
is okay Notch height is
four do we even care about
that got
pee
for
e e
okay
um so
okay so the measured quantity is going
to be the following we're going to take
the flywheel
assembly and we are going to
compute so
uh we're going to take this face then
we're going to hide this
part we're going to select this face and
the dist okay so that we're just going
to make a
parameter so
okay so top
BLC uh
to bottom
flywheel this is
two great so
now top plate to bottom flywheel is
going to
be
wall Plus
uh what is the bracket is there a bottom
plate arc angle no
um it's called yaah only or
something ya only stand
height can I rename this to be yah only
stand height is also going to be called
wait all right I'll leave it as is so
this is going to be
called yah only stand height okay wait
but that's dude why does it always mess
that up I feel like it's
always okay but this isn't quite it
because this is going to be plus the um
the I'm almost positive that doesn't
have a um
dude why is this okay
wait this is what we really
need wall plus y'all only stand height
plus BLC M mounting bracket depth plus
top BL plus BLC
height and I'm pretty sure that's right
wait
62 let's check it so full
assembly here to here
57 okay so here to here is
five here to here is 20 oh the stand
height
okay that actually checks out so we just
need to remove wall
dude this is so bad this little text
editor is so
bad okay so that's correct now though so
that's
great
so
um and what we
want I
think is so we we don't need to refer to
anything else but I think the idea is
that we want the
um okay well let's just start with the
simplest thing which is we want the
middle of the flywheel to
be like if you draw a plane at the
middle of the flywheel you want the
middle of the feeder's exit hole to
intersect that the center of the exit
hole
which means that it that
the total height
to the exit
hole should be this plus flywheel depth
over
two okay so top okay so then this plus
flywheel depth
over
two is equal to the
um exit ho Center
Height which means that the Extrusion
amount is going to be
this minus uh uh
solenoid height over two which is 16
that's the
16 okay so we're going to go to solenoid
holder we're going to draw a sketch on
here we're going to click
G and this is where we could make this
not full full distance so this is
definitely
wall oh we don't okay
it takes a while you see it turn blue
and then it turns black once it's solved
so it's actually it's fine but so then
this is going to be a variable so we're
going to extrude this and we are going
to name it
um this is going to be
the bottom
theater
um I like that top plate to bottom
feeder okay oh wait we need to do this
let me make a new variable and this is
going to be
it's going to be the uh oh yeah see I
don't like doing this because we
actually want to okay we actually want
to go into
here top plate to bottom
Feer I believe it should just
be top plate to bottom flywheel minus uh
um
solenoid height over
two I'm pretty sure that's that's right
so now we're just going to go back to
Solen holder and we are going to extrude
this by top plate to bottom
theater why isn't it letting
me I'm so confused
what the
hell
what bro why doesn't it it doesn't give
me any information I'm just going to
refresh this page
I don't believe that's
true it thinks I'm in here but I'm
not oh
wait oh it did it it was just like
lagging or something
weird okay so then we just um draw a
sketch on
here and then
um this is going to be
3 *
m6o then we're going to
um sketch on there normal okay now we
want this to be in the middle so we
might as well just draw draw a
construction mid point line and then
we're going to draw a
circle okay so now here the here's the
real question because we don't have a
ref reference on which to calculate the
um so let's just say that we're but
buted up right against so this face is
right up against
um this
68.6 in the mid the mid the midpoint of
that on a plane and the mid plane of
this part intersects the center for
sure so what are we trying to figure out
we want to know that distance to these
mounting holes because they need to be
less than 100 because otherwise they'll
knock they'll hit the um the pillars
that support this thing
so what we need to know is we need to
draw a carefully placed
point out
here so what we want to know is okay so
okay I got it I got it I got it so what
we're going to do is we're going to use
this and we're going to draw a line from
the center of this up and now this
distance is it should be 60 I think I
this should be 60 okay so can we I wish
this I wish when you typed in numbers it
actually reverse searched all of your
variables
because okay there's nothing related to
68 so what I'm wondering is so now we
need to go back
into oh you know what would be nice is
just if we had a bunch of tabs maybe I
don't know cuz I keep trying to alt tab
into it that's the biggest thing to get
over
um so we want to look up we want to look
at top
plate and we sort of want to see the
history okay so this gives us a
highlight of all of
the features there
so let's just go okay
so so if we look at this
sketch right so what was DET what
determines
this oh it's okay
okay so it's this plus this plus
this oh wait so it's three halves though
so it's going to
be
25 25 + 3 of M6
hole um and and that times
2 and let's just check that
out 2 * 25 + 3s
times
6.2 68.6 perfect that's exactly right
okay so that means that we can make a
variable for
that and it should all work out so this
is going to be the yaah only
bracket
width and this is going to be
two does this
work it's probably because oh
wait yeah no you have to do you have to
do times you have to be explicit about
it which honestly most paros do that so
I'm not even upset so it's going to be 2
* 25 + + 3 over 2
*
um M6 hole
bro th I swear it's insane because on
shape is so good and yet this variable
Studio thing is so bad error
regenerating could you make a worse
error message any error messag is error
that just eror is
like
Broken Oh see it should Parson be like
okay here's where the problem
is okay so now we know
that in solenoid
holder
this is going to be yaw only bracket
width over
two so now if we were to draw let's say
we draw a circle right
here okay first we're going to make this
M6
hole dude I love that they have like the
like in League of Legends when you when
you search up a uh character name like
M6 it it just uh oh it's not the
same but it's like pretty
good okay so we want oh wait we want
this to here to be oh wow see look at
that but I think there is also a
wait so can we make it 100 no we
probably have to make it
like oh I can never remember if the 100
is a cleared or uncleared
value okay so let's make it uh let's
make it 95 and then what I want to know
is the
distance that's shocking though because
when we look at
um this is
70 but that doesn't make sense were we
even able to get those on there
okay well it looks like it works but I
I'm suspicious of that but so we also
want to draw a construction circle of
here and this is going to be
um this is going to be the big gear
outer
diameter see see how much how little
room we
have okay if we keep this as it is and
let's let's add the hole here so we're
going to just extrude this wait what
what did we say that was actually can we
go back to the sketch what oh 95 okay
yeah so we're going to take this going
to extrude it
remove up to next okay so we're going to
apply this then we're going to go back
to the assembly which is going to be the
top assembly
oh wait actually we want the
uh wait I know we have an oh feeders bro
I'm dumb
okay well we can calculate it from
I'm going to make
this
to yeah it's got to be this oh but it
doesn't let me go to the middle of it
all right well it's fine
let's try that flip
it wait
here okay then we need to offset
it Z probably by I think it's um it's
going to be a parameter and it's going
to be
uh it's going be the
feeder top plate to bottom feeder
oh but it's not okay this is zero it's
going to be in the y
direction okay so that seems pretty
good can
we there's got to be a better way than
clicking this a bunch of times wait but
that's not right oh you know what it is
it's not this it's
um wait what am I talking
about
[Music]
um um minus um
even that doesn't make
sense oh oh oh and then plus
five even that doesn't make any sense
what the freak
wait
but what are we actually trying to
determine
here oh we're trying to
see right let's just keep it as it
is
e e
looks like a face it looks like
um it looks like a face
okay well one thing that I want to just
add because we should add
it this we can just delete dude
wait
yeah I'm a little concerned about um see
what which one is
it okay first off we absolutely need to
fix Extrusion amount wait we need
to we need to pick whole the whole
placement why does it feel like I have
way more room the thing the reason why
it feels like I have way more room is
because this is not not the this line
does not intersect the center cuz what's
actually happening is you need to take
this to
here but even still it actually does
look
like n we don't actually have that much
[Music]
room but then we're like super high
constraint if we go under this so then
we really only have
like Okay so let's just decide on
something then let's just I mean
this thing should be pretty strong
so so the height of this thing is borked
but I don't know why this should
be
73 it's going to be 32 plus it's going
to be 32
plus
um like 41 or whatever it is here we can
just go
to yeah
41 41 + 32 is 73 okay that yeah
so
and but what we need
is 16 + x is equal
to wait then why is
that it's 50 top plate to B oh to bottom
flywheel bro why am I so
stupid do we have a flywheel
depth 25
okay okay now it looks closer so if we
look at now the top
assembly the mate should look weird
so it's
this and we can edit this right
okay so it's the the okay so right now
we joined
it so it's going to be you move it
up okay so it's going to be
16 plus okay so it's going to be
perfect we're going to need to fix this
because we're going to need to go before
we do the um
fillet oh this is the roll back bar okay
we just need to do okay we need to put
the holes in and then we need to mirror
it so we need to go to is it this sketch
yeah this is our good
sketch so now we want one that's and
it's greater
than so we want
um so top plate Mount Mount hole lower
bound
top plate Mount hole to Center lower
bound this is going to be the outer
biger out of diameter over
two and then plus a whack but this is
unhacked bro this is unhacked I need
some water
um and then the upper
bound top plate Mount hole to
Center lower bound or upper
bound and this I know it's like a 100
but what we have to do is figure out
what parameter that is
top plate outer mounting hold distance
to
Center that's
what okay can I can I find where see
that's the annoying thing is I want to
know where is this being used
106 point where is that coming
from wa is it top assembly where that's
no it's not going to be there it's top
plate
you could always just make it wider I
don't want to do that
though it's already
like
[Music]
um
okay so we did
74 okay so we can do 74
again so we're going
to
this then we're going to make another
one then the distance from here to
here is
inner now we want to do our mirror
we're going to feature mirror this
Extrusion
wait it's got to be just those two
what
yeah I don't know why it's
what does this do
I don't really understand but it seems
like it fixes
it okay now we can do the roll back
bar okay so now we want to look at
do we want to do an edit in context or
should we just redraw
it edit in
Contex redraw
it let's just edit in context so we're
going to take a top
plate edit in
context okay we're going to draw sketch
on
here normal
hello okay then we are going to yeah
we're going to take this and this and
we're going to you use
them oh we don't get what we want though
they are a little bit close for comfort
but well we could just move them out a
bit we could literally just change one
dimension and make it a little bit
better
all right let's just change the one
dimmension and see what
happens so the
um feeder width but um ah keep all
tabbing
when we
um when we look at
the so hold
on let we look
at this
Extrusion yes right so this is going to
be um
I have a part that I'm mounting to a top
plate the part uh since it's 3D printed
has the
bracket um basically in the geometry of
the part so the bracket doesn't connect
two parts together one part is a
bracket but what I'm wondering is I'm
trying to define a parameter and how to
name it for the length of the tab of the
Extrusion of the the part that
interfaces with the part it's connecting
to so the top
plate um it basically touches this
length of
material see if it knows what gibberish
I'm putting out
okay we just call mounting TBL link
that's
perfect uh Fe feeder feeder mount in tab
blank and this is going to be
um let's make it four
times okay but now we probably need to
adjust um wait wait this oh
crap oh my gosh why am I why is it going
so slow it must be because the
computer's in the Sun
okay and we want to move this
up of
this wow this is going really
slow all right let me get some
water
e e
dude it's totally freaking Frozen what
the heck oh there we go okay so we just
need to change
this to
be theater mounting
tablet then let's go back to
solenoid
holder we going to delete
this change this
to does it does it re-update that's
actually actually don't like that it
would
re-update okay but now if we go into the
feeder
the top assembly
um oh wait is it top plate it's top
plate that we have this
context no no no not wait I thought we
were doing
in maybe it like got out of the
editting right because we were
doing editting
context and then we wanted to
take um
this
this this this and use
them what oh wait oh wait you know what
I
forgot you have to do
this can I just well let's use them
then we're just going to
um wait what am I actually clicking on
here wait let's hide can we hide that
thing if we hide it all the way does it
let me oh
nice
no do I have to draw another Circle
to get a
face I have to select it through
there that's why I wanted to do it on
this side oh
wait
oh okay
remove up to
next okay now we want to take this
feature and circular pattern it we only
want two of them should we do
four let's do
four and then what what do we want to do
entities to pass pattern it's not a part
pattern it's a feature pattern and we're
featuring this
extrude the access of pattern is
this it looks hella
goofy I think I'm going to change that
to be
100 so we're going to do this now we
have these holes which is great but
we're going to go
to the solenoid holder and we're going
to edit one of these
sketches I'm going to change this to be
uh
outer and so now we have like kind of
like a
grid so now if we look at the top
assembly
we have this sort of strange pattern of
holes wait wait wait but why doesn't it
look like they line
up okay wait so what we want to do is we
want to take this Fastener and we want
to delete it we going to move this thing
out of here now we want to mate this
thing with with the outer
inner yeah this okay so this did
not pro oh the oh the edited context
yeah dude that's why you want to draw it
because that's totally borked up it
doesn't update the projection you need
to go to the edit and cont
text so okay so what we're going to do
is we're going to actually delete all of
this or rather we're going
to okay this sketch is the one
okay so I'm just going to
take all of these and delete them now
we're just going to draw on
here wait wait wait are we on yeah okay
it's just always confusing that
there's
okay so we are going to draw some
circles
the
distance here is
um okay and then
um do we have a line
oh
[__] it's going to be the uh feeter
width I'm pretty sure that's actually
right
can we measure
it 74.8
is that what we had when we were doing
our
calculations yeah nice okay
I wish there's a way to easily go jump
to like the previous tab or something
like
that um so wait so in solenoid holder we
need to
um wait where do we need to edit that I
think we only need to edit it
here for
now we're going to take this
this this this extrude it
remove up to
next honestly I feel like I extrude more
up to next than I do anything else than
then I do blind or whatever so
um we're going to do this then we're
going to look at the top
assembly and I feel like the okay this
joint
broke oh wait let's do the circular
pattern so that we're not like being
weird so now you want to circular
pattern
features AIS a pattern this features to
pattern this
awesome this is a cool looking
thing so now we want to go to the top
assembly and see awesome Okay cool so
now we have that geometry and it's all
parametric and and and we get cuz you
really don't want to edit in context if
you
can that's why like if I was doing this
properly I probably would have
draw
started making the feeder by drawing the
mounting holes onto the top plate and
then going from
there but so now we can basically put
wider
things on the top
plate and we it's sort of backwards
compatible with this with this
okay so let's fix this let's move this
thing oh wait let's delete this mate
this
oops okay now we can look at the full
assembly
this is
basically
um how do
we um
bro this is cool I'm proud of this I
like I like that I'm getting more
systematic with these mounting holes or
at least just like
yeah it's interesting uh so what's next
though we now need to do the mounting
bracket and we're basically
done we can print the rest of the
parts okay so we need to activate bottom
plate and this is where things get weird
because if we look at if we press P we
have all of these planes
I wonder if feature script would be a
good way to do
this no we probably don't need to do
that okay so let's just start
with we are going to draw a
sketch on this plane
okay and now how do we want to do this
we want to
draw what is this one
one
oh okay so what is that angle is there
just a way to search parameters I mean
it's kind of annoying because you just
want to know the value of something and
it kind of takes longer than you would
expect oh and this UI
stinks so you just want to go
here so wait that mounting bracket arc
angle but if we draw a
line
okay do we get this circle I don't think
we
do so if we draw a line from here to
wait let's um
okay so that's 30
I wonder if we could change this let's
see does everything break if we just
change this to 25
dude I love that when I I mean maybe
it's just because I actually am doing
better parametric modeling but it really
does feel
like
um stuff doesn't break as
much okay so wait what's 1 it's going
to be so first off the circumference is
two is going to be uh 250 Pi this is
circumference and then we want to
multiply that by we want to divide that
by 36 so wait uh 250 pi over
36 wait
really oh
wait yeah
so it's 2.18 degrees per or no
millimeters per
degree so that means that if we have
five degrees no we're going to have 2
and2 degrees on each side that's 4 Ms of
clearance I wonder if we should Define
the angles relatively so we find the
outer arc angle or we find the whole and
then we just do the math that'd be
pretty that'd be pretty
good
um because the the problem basically is
what I'm thinking about is if we have
two Ms per degree and we're going to and
I was thinking about making so if this
is so first off we should just rename
this variable because this variable is
terrible so this is going to be bottom
plate arc angle Center so we're going to
change this to
be
Center uh
a
angle
between whole
Center and so now let's say um we're
going to make a variable called
um millimet per
degree and this is going to be um
plate diam time
Pi um ided
360 okay so now we want to calculate the
angle
so we want so we just need to
divide
uh M mounting
hole or no M6
hole divided by RIM millimeters per
degree um and then multiply that by two
and that and then we add that to um
bottom mount bracket between centers and
then we get the uh the arc distance okay
so now we want
um
uh M uh bottom plate mounting
bracket arc
angle so this is probably what it was
called earlier and this is going to be
an angle and it's going to be M6 hole
/ by RIM millimeters per
degree and what is
that okay and then we want to multiply
that by
two and then we want to
add
Plus or
Ang
angle these error messages are so bad
dude why is it frozen on
me my oh wait I'm just being
dumb no it is hella laggy
though am I
still yeah wonder how many Impressions I
got on this
okay
um so why is this fail yeah it should be
time 2 plus uh the the
angle and it's interesting because
like I'm still so novice
at CAD that the like paths and decisions
that I'm taking are all just intuition
but there's got to be a systematic thing
of like
okay yeah you want
to the reason why you want to start with
the parameter of the angle between the
mounting holes is that that's like the
bottleneck of what's you know going to
cause the part to either break or not
break but like just driving the right
things to make a strong part is
like like we should totally do some
simulations I want to know like well we
could just do the basic uh steady State
finite element analysis whatever or
something like that okay let's just
delete
this so it should be 2 * the
m6 well let okay let's do this
um we'll call it arc
angle I was just say BP arc
angle
um extra
so this
is an
angle and it's going to be 2
times this is going to be called
total and this is going to
be
m6o
/ millimet per
right so we need that many extra degrees
so now this should just
be arc angle
plus okay there we go nice how hard was
that so what we want to do now
wait oh wait did we delete that
sketch dude we got to save these
sketches
man wait let me just check that it
wasn't
that no it's not
that okay yeah so we want to
[Music]
SK are we back
okay whatever so uh okay what we want to
do
is yeah right so what we did is we took
plane four and we hit it but plane three
we want so we're going to draw so first
we're going to
take this
this and this we're going to click U to
use it now we're going to draw a
line these are construction lines from
here to the midpoint of this thing
because that's the that's where we want
to do it and we want to draw another
one make it a construction okay great
now we want to measure this and it's
should be
gray and it's it's gray because it's
it's
constrained and so 25 is correct because
that's when we made the variable so if
we were to change it so now what we want
to do is we want to draw another
line to the rim and we want to set the
angle between this to be extra over
two and we want to draw another
one out
here extra over
two
now we want to
take the arc so wait we're going to do
an arc wait wait we're still sketching
here three point Arc Center Point
Arc
oh okay and then what did we do we just
made a um
see the thing is I'm not really looking
up like what do actual brackets look
like
um what would you call a bracket that uh
has one side that is
flat and the other side it basically the
bracket has to wrap around something
cylindrical in my case the radius of the
cylindrical thing is quite big but I
don't think that matters what I I just
want to look up other examples of
similarly designed brackets to see if
I'm on the right track what should I
call what should I
Google pipe mounting brag
no no no no
no uh okay I
get this sort of looks like what things
a bro
uh I don't know maybe people don't
design Parts like but I feel like this
is a very standard part
I guess I should be more clear I have a
cylinder that's resting okay a cylinder
of uh diameter 250 mm and uh there are
holes drilled in and oh and its height
is like 55 millim and it's Hollow on the
inside so it's shelled out and then I
have but the thing is that's the biggest
print volume I have for my printer
uh but so what I did is I added holes to
the side the side of the um cylinder so
that I can put these uh little tabbed
things that are basically come up at a
right angle but then they wrap around
the cylinder and those have holes and
then I can use a nut and a bolt to clamp
them down and then there's holes on the
on the face of the bracket that is going
to bolt into a much larger piece like a
wood table so that the this thing will
stand very still um that's some context
for what it what part I'm talking about
it's this thing that is going to be
bolted onto the into the ground or some
wood table and then also bolts into the
cylinder D I love chaty PT so freaking
much I mean imagine try to Google
this let's look up saddle mount that
that that could be
right yeah sort
of anyways I mean it's not like this is
like whatever it's fine so now we're
going to take this Arc we're going to
draw a
line okay and now we want to now here's
the time where we want to look
at I don't even think we added this to
the full assembly ever
I don't even remember where we put this
thing
oh and then we projected it so what
we're going to do
instead is we're going to take that
plane and we're going to offset the
plane
by wall and that should then
intersect that then we're going to oh
should we yeah since we're doing
actually since we're doing um a single
part studio and we're just going to have
different bodies different parts in it
then we shouldn't have as much of a
problem because it's not like you have
to edit in context you just have to
um yeah yeah cuz it's it's all using one
timeline I guess is what the it's all
using one feature timeline so that
that's sort of why you're allowed to do
it and it doesn't caused
weirdness cuz yeah I mean it was scary
seeing that
um when I updated the uh the
the uh feeder distance the feeder
mounting hole distance that it um it
didn't update the projection in the top
plate so that's why we redid
it
okay so what did we do we just I just
want to see this dis this sketch I
guess so
this being okay so the what dude it's so
funny you just start thinking in
constraints oh man it's
so so interesting
but we might not actually be able to
do oh wait will we have vertical
constraints or is it no yeah we will so
if I draw a line like
this and I make this uh 30 this is fully
constrained
oh and we have that plane geometry
acting as a line that's actually pretty
cool no
wait a
minute I think we want to do it I think
we want to
do the other way
wait
wait structural or
decorative I mean it's kind of like a
way of approximating a fillet I never
thought about
that yeah so
just okay I kind of want to know what
the strongest place to cuz like should I
put this in the middle here
it's probably best as in the
middle but wait
why I don't know why but I feel like it
is okay so let's uh figure out so I'm
going to undo that sketch because I
wasn't I don't think that this is really
what I wanted to
do I think what I wanted to do
was
um I want to draw an
arc wait no I want to change okay so
first
off all right let's just do
this no see okay right so this so this
line is no good what we're going to do
is we're going to make a Center Point
Arc
again we're going to click on the center
then we're going to click on this and
we're going to click on
this oh
jeez sketch could not be solved is that
because of the five
okay well if that's fully constrained
then that's
great and we are going to extrude this
by uh first off it's a new
part and this is going to
be flipped
around that's weird but that's fine okay
this is going to be the height of bottom
plate height
easy bro I'm I'm full of
parameters look at that that's not
enough what are we talking about
guys this isn't
right oh it's because of the straight
line okay so that's correct but what is
this oh that wait I just think I just
want to delete
that
okay wait is this thickness
not wait this
is
oh damn bro I'm so
dumb for real I'm I'm damn what am I
doing this is only yeah I thought that
was thin I pulled this thing out I
printed
this I mean I actually think
it's I don't know I guess it's not that
strong yeah I printed this out and I was
like anyways you can get as parametric
as you like like but if you're a dumbass
like me then doesn't
matter this print took like 4 hours
too that's so
silly because I made the Radia oh that's
such a classic
one I'm like why do this look so much
bigger than
this jeez Louise
man um okay so I'm going to take take
this and I want to
um oh wait I want to take this sketch
actually do we have the lines we don't
have the
lines make this come out okay so we're
going to say the
um the bottom
okay I'm just going to I don't have a
good naming schema but so we're going to
say the
uh BP
mounting
bracket bottom
length we're going to say that's
um
40 for
should we also make this curved
that looks small
66 this one was
80 let's just add a few degrees let's
just pad the
degrees so that extra angle thing
72 uh I could do it a little bit more
that's good enough okay so now what we
want to do is we want to take we want to
do plane oops alt C PL what the
hell P alt C
plane and we want to
take this
plane offset it by wall
okay now I'm going to sketch okay now we
want to hide plane four we hide plane
three wait
three wait no not plane three or yeah
plane wait plane
yeah we can hide plane three what we
want to hide
is PL
two I'm going to draw sketch on
here we're going to hide this bracket
and we want to project this and this and
we're going to use
them now we are just going to extrude
them remove up to next
what oh is this that weird thing yeah
this doesn't work right up to next
doesn't work on
this look at how close that is
still did
we bro there's this one type of fly that
comes around here that's just like so
annoying okay wait so let's do
this
5.1 now we want to just check if we
change this
okay that's better but don't we kind of
want it a little bit more
in five extra degrees on each
side wait wait wait wait wait
what was it it was like 2.8
right on each
side yeah I don't know why that didn't
really work out like we wanted it to I'm
going to increase it by even more and
I'm just going to I'm just going to
delete the par the this being parametric
and we're just going to make this um
15 okay so now we just need a circular
pattern
this so
um and it's going to be this
Extrusion oh wait features I always
forget get
that this Extrusion around this oh wait
wait do you do
one or two it's going to be uh for
oh no no no no no it's not over
two how did I do this the first time
wait extrude
one wait
the feature that we're patterning is
this there we
go and they're tangent bro and now we
just can uh circular pattern this part
around this
axis and we can make four of them why
don't we just make four of them since we
added all the holes
sick now let's go to the full
assembly wait what
Why didn't it
recompute that's
confusing bottom
assembly should have my
brackets my brackets my brackets have
you seen
them what the heck
for
e e
so
uh I don't understand do I just refresh
it
maybe feel like that's not going to do
anything Bro Look at all my variables
bro I'm rich in
variables
Okay so we all see those
brackets but then you go to bottom
assembly do you have to like
update I wonder if you can fold these
into a group or something
circular pattern parts then you just get
a billion
Parts should I do a little test so the
test would
be I'm going to make a new document I'm
going to make a
box
um and a and a cylinder
so these are going to both be their
own part
Studios then we're going to make an
assembly
file Okay cool so let me just test that
out because I don't really know what's
going
on uh update test so basically what
we're saying is here we're going to name
this box
and we're going to make a sketch on
here how many is it hold on if I do
shift e 1 two
3 okay now I'm going to make a
new heart studio and this is going to be
the
cylinder okay this
okay now we are going to insert both of
these we're going to move this we're
going to join or mate geez mate this to
that and then we just need to flip
it okay so now we put this thing on top
of this thing but now I want to do I
want to draw a sketch on
here
what wait
I'm so
confused all wait let's do
a okay so now we have a new part now we
go to this assembly and it's not there
all right so okay so
um wait but we only inserted a part when
we
do oh
really so I just did a little test and
I I had an assembly file but then I went
back to one of the things that uh it had
in it so one of the part Studios that
was inside the assembly by the way this
is in the CAD software on shape and um
in the part Studio I made an edit where
I added some new parts um but then I
went back to the assembly file and
they're not in the assembly anymore is
that I see that if I go to read that
part Studio then the new component the
new part part shows up but uh is there a
way to just like
update dude transcription plus st2 is so
nice you can just ask your question how
you want to ask
it you can update your assembly to
reflect changes made in the part Studio
without having to re add it
manually when you a yellow
triangle in the assembly
tab next to the parts studio and
assembly
tree but is this just a part
okay what is
insert okay what if I did
this should I just look up updating
assemblies
drawings I don't want a
drawings bro these are aren't nothing
looks like what I'm looking for
okay what if we just
try oh but you can only go part for part
you can't go part for I don't know what
you call a part Studio top level
thing yeah so it says select replacement
component bro what
do I need to add them
oh there's actually such a thing as in a
oh that's probably nice
that's what we should
do no
right but then you have to do all of it
over
again but then there's also two of
everything should I just oh maybe I can
just do this
wa insert no no no uh
insert okay so that's the way way you're
supposed to do
it and then you have to do all the
joints yeah so I'm actually going
to Okay so here's a good okay so we're
going to cancel this again we're going
to
insert one of
them okay now we're going to add the
joint and or I'm I'm curious to see what
happens
here or the mate the mate I don't know
why they don't call it a joint but they
call it a mate good day mate okay this
is driving me insane I don't know what
I'm looking at here
so I'm going to hide this
part and then we're going to go
to oh it's not going to know
[Music]
this because I design I did it so
weirdly it doesn't really know what's
going on here right oh wait does
it there it
is what was it
oh I saw it there we go so it's
that then we're going to hide this and
turn on
this and then we are going to put
it right
there
wait that me hide this and me turn this
on
let me just want to put it
right um let's just off oh wait yeah
let's just offset it by
Z but
uh What uh 2.5 no no no no not 2 like
1.25
right is it in there is it in the inside
I don't think so I think it's good so
now we want to try this uh circular
pattern thing we want to pattern this
and we want to P do it on um
and we want four of
them I like that you have to
specifically press enter for it to
recompute then it doesn't feel like it's
like lagging cuz it's it it could very
well be a slow
operation oh dude I gotta go soon bro I
gotta get this stuff
printed oh geez Louise
okay
so um I I have like two more hours but I
think I need to eat so when we do this
oh that's so nice then then we oh that's
so nice but these aren't jointed
right I guess they are jointed
but okay but
this wait so if I take this
part I can't move it
but it's not jointed I don't really know
what they're doing
there but anyways so now if we go to
full assembly it's still not going to be
there or it will be okay so if you okay
right that that actually makes sense
though sort
of so this is done this has both parts
that I wanted right let's see today I
had
feeder solenoid mounting bracket Hopper
Fasteners and then stuff about the Pico
so
um I'm ready to go get some parts off
the printer and then just print some of
this
stuff okay I'll be
back
e
e e
you gota be kidding man I think I just
need a I mean I could take it apart
again or I could I guess I could replace
it with a point two but I can't have
every one in five prints fail one and
every one in four prints fail it's just
too high of
a so anyways we got
a bamboo
no not
list uh what are we talking about we're
talking about so the pillars seem
fine the gear seems fine
the flywheels seem fine it's just that
uh what was it motor
mount I wonder what caused this thing to
fail
okay so now we need to
export solenoid
holder there's no
just wait bro l
oh but
um no we should just do it
from we should just do it on this face
oh and I forgot actually uh I wanted to
add wait wait we forgot a bunch of stuff
dude what am I talking about look at
this where are the holes on here
o wait so I actually want to delete this
circular pattern though and this one
what is this one oh no that one you need
this one you
don't
okay so wait what were we just
doing okay we added the thing all
right wait what
wait can we do
this or not
xq Circle
here this is going to be the uh
fear Ming mount
wait total is there a total
angle okay oh it's this bracket Arch
angle
it's okay what is this going to be
okay so you have this Arc here and this
is
uh
40 and then you have this midpoint line
so then this sub Arc is 20 and now you
want it to be
10 okay so you want it to be over
four bottom plate mounting bracket arc
angle over four
yeah times the number
of oh wait so this is in
degrees oh
wait what bro and I hate that this thing
is like the small
what if I just did 10 times this because
I know
that but that sucks
also okay wait no but I really don't
like that
all right whatever CU I really don't
know what to do about it
so
uh okay
okay that was a close call so now
hopefully that'll update so if we look
at the full
assembly we have holes which is
good and then what we need
is dude is this a graph coloring problem
yeah it is because the edges are
intersections that's so funny I never
thought about this but you have a yeah
you have a graph coloring problem here
where you need to dude that's so funny
okay this is a reminder for me I should
do a thing where I make a feature script
thing that tries to invoke that and then
we time it and see if it's actually like
whatever MP complete but that would be
so funny to like blow up this thing by
trying to make it solve sat
problems dude that's so funny using on
shape as my SAT solver or something
okay
um but uh but there was there was two
things that I did I wish there was like
a a timeline of just everything that I
did so like it it it concatenated and
and sorted all of the uh actions because
what was I working on I was working on
the bottom plate but then I was also
working on the
um I feel like there was something I
forgot oh the oh yeah this thing we
didn't put this in oh also wait but I
wanted to do something
fun a
fillet a nice little
fillet oh wait and then this 3D printer
thing oh dude this is such a bummer man
I'm so tired of this thing
being being messed
up
okay so now I think we're ready to take
this we're going to rename this as um
okay now we should be able to export
this
thing wait but we didn't actually ever
put any
maybe I should wait to print this
because I feel like I want to work on
the
hopper I mean it is kind of annoying
that the past well today and yesterday
it just been redoing
work
but the idea was make these walls
thicker
oh yeah we should definitely add a
fillet
here I like that I really like that you
don't have to hold control
down fillets are beautiful man I get why
I get why everyone fillets basically
everything
oh it's for strength but it's for beauty
too there's something so nice about a
fill it man what the
hell oh you appreciate design so much
more when you have to think
about arcs and stuff
I wonder if I would
just go
in see what happens if I extrude
this sort of close but
now I kind of could get a
what I mean what am I even imagining you
know it's funny because I feel like I'm
making a gamble but also it's because it
feels tacked on so you really need to go
back to where the change needs to happen
which is before before that the fillet
the fillets always come at the end
that's actually now what I'm learning is
billets are not structural so wait if we
did this wait cancel this we
did
um oh but oh
wait oh wait no way really
still and then we wait no it's still
bad what what does this
mean what if we just delete it
oh
shoot show over to Fone show Expressions
show constraints
what if I just delete this and do it
again actually I like that it didn't
take me normal this was a case where I
liked that it didn't take me normal
what is this
oh but it need to be more significant
too right
let just delete this
so now this is
60 oh see that's the problem is we it's
so easy to forget that you did make a
parameter for something so even though
you oh yeah
because I probably have some weird
Reliance on two times wall plus solenoid
width
yeah it would be so cool if you could
just search
up oh that'd be so
sick yeah so you just take all of the
expressions and you do a pattern match
for if this sub expression
exists that's why you need a canonical
ordering I never did canonical ordering
in cast actually that's that's probably
one of the features that I really should
add I'm put that in my
notes where's my
script oh wait no it's in uh Google
Docs all right I'll do it later
but yeah for real because basically I
want to
know okay yeah dude that's definitely
something on my to-do
list do H build a little pattern matcher
for on shape it searches through all the
expressions and finds all the usages
of 2 * wall time solenoid
width because whatever is using that is
probably not accounting for this new
stupid Extrusion feature that I
added which honestly it's it's more of
like I mean it's still a really cool
feature and it's useful but it doesn't
get over the fact that what I'm doing is
bad design that's I guess what what's
really going
on uh but so okay the whole point of
this is so that I could put mounting
holes here here here and here
so that means we need to redo the
fillet okay so now that we have this
let's look at the full assembly and see
there's probably an
intersection oh it's actually still not
touching wait but why is
that oh no that's that's blue for good
reason okay so they are lined up still
so
um and so now we want to put a hopper on
this thing
[Music]
I need to charge my
phone
e
e e
come I wonder if bamboo is going to come
out with a
SLA how much does the form four
cost blazing
speeds do you have to throw out all the
all
the unused or
no bro I really want a form 5,000 bucks
though there's no way I can justify that
but that would be so sick
man with the form four is five times
faster than the form
three do you have have to do more
supports it seems like every part that I
see with SLA has a ton of
Parts oh this is so cool man wait but
you do you dissolve them no right you
have to clip them
off yeah see that's probably why Shane
has an SLS machine he doesn't he can't
be bothered with that
it is really crazy that everything
around you has been designed man the
world has just been designed by
Engineers over
freaking millions of man
hours actually it's crazy to think about
if everyone spent an hour doing
something that's eight billion man hours
that's just crazy to think about what
the
[__] 8 billion hours doesn't even make
sense yeah I just locked in real quick
for 8 billion
hours okay what are we doing here Are we
almost done ready to print the problem
is I'm kind of scared right
like that's to fast this feels slow
though all right so I think yeah I think
I'm going to add
holes and uh
oh dude I'm actually dumb
because
um the big advantage of the threaded
inserts is you get first off because it
makes it so much easier to remove
because you don't have to um it's
definitely weaker but you don't have to
freaking hold the the nut under the top
plate
yeah me making everything M6 was
actually a really bad idea I don't know
why I defaulted the m6 because there's
no way I have M6 threaded inserts that's
ridiculous I'm gonna go check
though e
okay so I actually do have M6 threaded
inserts I think I'm going to try these
out the only question is going to be
M6
by so what is the biggest OD here
because the thing is those are all with
clearance they're all what
6.2 all wa um
um
H wait does that
work that's
cool wait what's going on
here oh wait we made this as its own
thing so we're going to actually
beer assembly solenoid
holder wait but let's just see what m6o
is it's
6.2 wait should I try this but the thing
is this is how thick
this is eight thick but the the top
plate is only 5 Ms
thick oh [__] you know what the depth of
the top plate is bound to
wall
wow this is eight thick so like most of
this is going to be sticking out
honestly I'm still kind of down to try
at least
once okay but um is now the best time to
experiment with this okay um I'll ask
chat GPT what it
says I have some
M6
by 8 by8 threaded inserts what does the
other eight mean
I think it means it's the outer diameter
of the insert itself but the inner
diameter is probably the six yeah that's
what it means for
sure
duh okay but okay if I'm doing pla with
like a 15% infill what um how big should
I make the hole cuz I'm going to use a
soldering iron to get the brass hot so
that it sinks in or at least that's what
I've seen online so how
yeah how big should I make the hole that
I'm inserting the threaded insert into
it
be
interesting okay so what we're going to
do is we're going to make a um
parameter sort of this it's like the
first thing they you know in Fusion they
say start off with a sketch here you
start off with defining some
variables insert
now we're we're feature we're feature
complete we should not have to open
Fusion almost ever again
I'm so sad that this print failed God
goly bro
oops okay hopefully that's going to
speed up my computer a little bit this
is probably taking a good amount of
um
percentage I mean it says it's not
maybe it's just uh yeah maybe it's just
the program itself is
uh too slow so this is going to be
it's going to
be
okay so now we're going to go
to want dra a sketch on here are we in a
sketch no
oh
what that's fine it doesn't really
matter you want one like
actually
huh wait if we draw
it's going to
be one
mil but we don't have to use
M6 we should just use
M3 for M3 is pretty strong well I'm
guessing
so let's see what else do we have in
this
kit let's do m3x 8x5
this is going to be
um oh wait I'm so I'm so bad bro
these this is going to be five
4.8 okay so wait let's just look and see
what a
um that's like way more reasonable and
especially if you think about in terms
of the ratio cuz then it's like a pro
almost it's
like it's a lot closer than what you
want than what it would be
oh is this still okay
yeah fine
do we want one more four is enough what
the heck am I talking about
wait why isn't
this
oh oh
wait does that make everything oh no
okay
this is going to be um it's by eight
right
M oh
Sho M3 by 8x5
and they give you 40 pieces of
that
okay it's kind of a gamble but I mean
not really it's just a time it's a
gamble on time cuz like if this doesn't
work out then you you have to reprint
again all right so yeah it's eight so
let's just let's just uh make it eight
okay so now we're sort of ready to print
we haven't designed anything but at
least we've made the part
extensible now it's just up to us
to actually put the hopper on there
[Music]
here dude it it's funny like all the
like old designers like I just saw this
thing on Hacker News I think it was like
a deer Rams
uh iPhone like inspired iPhone holder
it's just so funny to
like imagine it's just like you're so
distinctive because you made a fillet
radius hella big or something but I
don't know it's like they did all this
by hand and they just conceptualized of
it but now that you have tools you can
just play around with it and see what
you like and oh
man ah
okay so let's just freaking do it
then okay so we're going to save this
part
okay what do we need we have the bottom
plate the flywheels the pillars okay
wait let me just write down all the
parts that we need I we should be able
to go through this full assembly
thing two BP mounting
brackets D what time is it okay I have
like an hour two fly
wheels um one y'all
only motor
holder
now um one
solenoid
holder four
pillars um one small
gear one big
gear uh the bottom the top plate one top
plate
one bottom
plate okay so what what do I have
printed I have the
pillars I have the bottom
plate I have the small
gear and then I have the fly
wheels great so now we want to just open
up a bottom plate take this export it I
don't know if we already did that
oh yeah we do I'm going to overwrite
it okay so let's just add what we
need are we wait no we're not waiting to
print this need that
we need
um solenoid
holder then yeah and
then and then the big
gear oh wait should I let's see I
already printed the bottom PL I don't
have the top plate
yet I'm trying to think maybe
the it would be really
nice to change
over the CU that CU that Hub is
deep so we could put some M6 by10
threaded inserts in
there m6x 10 x 10 or whatever M6
by 10 by 8
which one is which it's probably oh it's
probably the height and then the
OD yeah it's the height than the outer
diameter okay so let me just go look
because that would be really
hype uh cuz okay if I just sit down and
write out how to
if we just write down how to assemble
this
thing it's actually harder than you
think it's like way too many
steps okay assembly I'm just going to
write it out or let's do it on paper
it's okay
whatever okay so
um so let's just write down
Parts uh two
bottom um plate mounting
brackets uh two fly
wheeels one motor
mount one
solenoid
holder four
pillars one small
gear one big gear
bear
where uh one top plate
um one bottom
plate
okay
first use self
tapping oh it I don't know if we could
get away with it but that would actually
be dude threaded inserts I might be I
might become a big fan of threaded
inserts First's use self-tapping to put
the four pillars in that's
easy let's just number
it yeah the Allure of not having to put
a nut on it is really freaking
P because it is so annoying to having to
keep disassembling and whatever
and anything to make that better is
actually really
nice um okay so then that's it for the
bottom plate
now wait what dude is it doing this
again for real okay there we
go okay just put the motors together
um what are they called I just d35 36
okay then what's next
oops
um oh this is probably the best place
for threaded inserts dude especially
because those have to be seven thick oh
are we goated oh my goodness
should I do
that there's a wall measurement in there
that all we'd have to do is change that
from a five to an
eight and we'd use um well we don't have
that many M6 we have we have a good
number of M5 we have 10 M5 things
wait no but we have to use M3s for there
oh my gosh so
wait
um yeah update uh motor
mount to use threaded inserts
this is so
big I wonder how hard it would be for
real I think it' be super
easy okay wait so let's uh just
remember wait wait actually
that's probably the one place you can't
really get away with
it but I don't know how
to I think what I'm going to do is I'm
going
to and maybe I'll do some test print
where I can actually test just by
feeling how
much how strong they really are
cuz I don't think I can
um yeah just thinking about how fast
these things turn I imagine that in the
weakness of PLA and creep and all that
that these threaded inserts are not
going to cut
it so we we can't do
this it's a nice idea though because it
would really simplify the
assembly dude this is this looks so
cool yeah I designed that
[__]
um put the dlc's SE together with
flywheels and the mounting bracket on
uh
use what what I forget what size they
are use nuts and bolts to tightly clamp
the motors
[Music]
down to the yaw only or the motor
mount um
use
uh oh oh uh screw in
the big gear to the top
plate wait why are we only looking at
this
I wonder if
I oh it doesn't change them that's so
annoying
whatever I'm just going to do
this
um okay so now the is
in okay then I guess you might as well
just do this too
um put the small gear
on the shaft and use set screws
to set screws
[Music]
and they're actually set bolts but
whatever well I don't know um so
now four pillars are in the motor is in
the gear is there the brackets on the
side are
there
um top plate
there okay
now tightly clamp down the motor the
motor mount
or actually before you do that before
you do
that
um
uh
um nuts and bolts to tight down the
solenoid
eater assembly to the top
plate
then actually
dude wow I'm these threaded inserts if I
make the top plate 8
Ms okay here's my question if I I use
strong nuts and bolts to get this
down oh also these are still going to be
a pain in the ass to
install but then I have to reprint the
flywheels
oh yeah you got to think about
installation in the design it's so hard
to think
about uh but if we did if okay so my
question is if I used strong nut bolts
to really clamp down the the motor to
this mounting plate
could I maybe get away with using
threaded
inserts uh on the top plate or does that
also need to be really
strong because then because the
advantage of that is then we could we're
not bound by this 100
mm uh these pillars anymore we're like
smooth sailing we could go to the very
edge which means that we have a bigger
work
platform I mean it means we could put
bigger stuff in the pan
tilt does
it I actually don't know if it does
all right nuts and bolts to tighten down
the motor
mount to the top
plate oh wait no no no you don't do that
first first you
um oh wait how how do you install this
thing that sucks yeah this is the place
that I really want to use threaded
inserts
for what are those
six I could use an
M
[Music]
um yeah I could try to use an M5 by 6 by
there without changing the design
I might do that because otherwise okay
so
here's okay without threaded
inserts you now need to get
the
uh it's easier
to
now
um fasten the motor mount to the top
plate but the top
plate or the uh motor
amount is not high enough to
get the
center bolt
in the bolt that
keeps that keeps the top and bottom
plane is it called
ax but now the motor mount is not high
enough so you need to put the bolt in
from the bottom
then the nuts on
top that's probably the better way to do
it
oh now screwing the big gear to the top
plate and then you put the center thing
up and then you do that okay so that's
pretty much the assembly
that we can just
delete okay
okay
okay so are we printing or not basically
the question
is
for
e e
okay so let's just see where we're at
here I thought I added some
stuff did we cancel
that okay so the brackets
motor
mount big gear
okay wait so wait but we're we're
changing this to use threaded inserts
right
okay let's freaking do it the pro the
hesitation comes from not wanting to go
back and break things but you just got
to get over that so this is going to be
part of the top plate so we're going to
go
to top
plate now we're going to click on this
and we're going to see where we so we
made this gear
first so oh so this is
it
okay okay so this we are actually going
make wait
M4 we just decided
that okay so let's just change that
the problem is we have different
M4 no we don't they're all just by six
so we want this to
be
5.8 wait actually can we do um
I just say inverse clearance
dude this parser
sucks bro I'm so sick of this why are
you like this
so we're going to
um and then what's the size above so we
need to change the top plate itself
wait
what so they're M4
by
8x6 that's what we're going to use
but we're going to roll back to
there and we are going
to use this sketch take these
two
move or eight
now why is that
5.8 oh do we do a project so so we need
to change the top plate because we want
that to be M4 hole not projected so now
we need to look
at or we need to take this feature and
we need to find it was it
this e
but what we are going to do is we're
going to turn off the top plate wait
wait we're going to turn on the top
plate draw a sketch on here we're going
to hide the top plate we going to click
on these and we're going to use
them we're going to turn back on the top
plate we're going to make this and we're
going to make it um
and same with this
cool hopefully it's strong
enough okay so now we need to
re-export both the top plate
and the spur
gear what
okay that seems like we're going to be
able to do
okay um so I think I think we're ready
to
print so wait in the assembly
now
M4 by
8x6 threaded inserts
H so
stupid
okay oh man I really hope my design
works I really hope this works man man I
really hope this
works I mean so now we can just sort of
get to work designing the hopper but I
kind of need to
do all right maybe this is a good place
to end the stream because I need
to make food and stuff and
leave
um I like this top plate
with all the
[Music]
holes I bet a real design I would look
at this in
horror in
horror but I don't know why they would
like mainly mainly it's that the holes
are
defined ra based on a radial Dimension
as opposed to like a um horizontal
vertical
pair so it makes all the numbers that
come out of the like horizontal
distances from you
know kind of weird
all right um that's it then I guess
let's see what else did we wanted to get
done there's only two places that we
added threaded inserts for I
think oh yeah Fasteners okay so we did
so I guess later we'll do hop the hopper
and the Fasteners the hopper is going to
be interesting
because I feel
like you don't want it to stall but you
also don't want to have too much high
torque because then it's just going to
snap
everything I don't know how best to
agitate the balls
okay pretty good stream